Hiring Manager
Brilliant.org
200 Pine St
San Francisco, CA 94104


Dear Hiring Team,

I would like to start by giving my condolences on the loss of your former CTO. It must be 
incredibly difficult to try and fill his absence. It was with great interest that I read your
posting on LinkedIn for the position of Chief Technology Officer at Brilliant. I 
respectfully proffer my candidacy for this position and have attached my resumé 
for your perusal. I am confident you will agree that I have the necessary qualifications to
execute the tasks associated with the job.  

I have over 20 years of IT experience with 8 years experience as a Senior IT executive. 
I started working in the industry while still in high school giving me a head-start and 
the years of experience of a much older person. I'm experienced enough to know what to 
do yet young enough to have the energy to get the job done.  

I have worked at corporate jobs as well as at startup companies and I excel in either environment. 
I have a very broad set of technical skills with a focus on systems archicture, API's and software 
engineering.  I take great pride in my work and my ability to see the big picture and align 
technical solutions with business goals. I like to get hands-on with projects but know how and 
when to delegate tasks and responsibilities.

I have a strong interest in the latest technologies, and I will strive to put your company 
at the forefront of the technology community where it will benefit from the attention it
deserves. I have the training to be able to handle both the technical as well as the business
side of a given issue. Further, I am a leader who will build a solid team dedicated to the 
development and implementation of new technologies for STEM education.

I believe that to be a successful CTO of any company, you need to have experience, 
knowledge and technical ability; as well as an ability to supervise, mentor 
and coordinate talent into one direct objective.  In short, I believe my years of experience, 
IT acumen and leadership skills could be of great service to your organization. I would enjoy 
the opportunity to be a part of the team that takes your company to the next level. 

I would love to discuss my experience in greater depth via phone or video chat. You can reach 
me at (415) 810-6991 anytime, email at cdr@cdr2.com or we can schedule an online video meeting.  

Thank you for time.

Christopher Robison
415-810-6991
cdr@cdr2.com

